All right let's chat about something that a lot of people are really really interested in.
And this is how exactly do you get featured on the Apple App Store or the Google Play store?
Now it's currently estimated that a feature on the homepage of either app stores is equivalent to about
300 grand in app marketing budget.
So basically this is a huge leg up and it is well worth chasing.
So as we discussed before, one of the most important factors in getting that feature is your apps performance,
especially your apps performance within the first 24 hours, within the first 7 days and within the
first 30 days that it gets listed onto the app stores.
So have a look back at some of the talks where we spoke about how to have a landing page, how to drive
traffic to the landing page, how to use blogging to increase your fan base.
All of these tactics that basically get you users downloading the app straight away as soon as it gets listed
onto the App Store.
So we've spoken about some of those things.
But in this module we can talk a little bit more about what are some of the other ways where you can
get a higher chance of getting featured.